Improvements to the documentation with regards to offsets (#10180)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/app-dev/services.rst

See :ref:`verbosity` above.

.. note::

  The RPCs exposed as part of the transaction and active contracts services make use of offsets.

  An offset is an ever-growing number assigned by the participant to each transaction as they are received from the ledger.

>   This number is opaque to the client and must be used as-is (i.e. cliend-side transformations like incrementing it are not guaranteed to produce a valid offset).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This number is opaque to the client and must be used as-is (i.e. client-side transformations like incrementing it are not guaranteed to produce a valid offset).
```

Reviewer: I believe we guarantee that they can be lexicographically ordered. Worth mentioning?

Author: Mmmm, we do and we mention it in the (linked) referenced docs where they are just an array of byte. Here I call them just "ever-growing number"s for simplicity. Saying that they can be lexicographically ordered seems redundant. Does that make sense?

Reviewer: I think ever-growing number is somewhat misleading. You basically give the impression of something with very strong guarantees (e.g., consecutive) and then step back in the next sentence. I personally find it more intuitive to go with "they’re completely opaque, you can only order them lexicographically” but both work so your choice.

Author: Better? https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/10180/commits/e857a7cf3f62c30816b79de67ea0dcb689a125a3

Author: I'll assume yes, let me know if you prefer me to change the wording.

  The state of a ledger (i.e. the set of active contracts) as exposed by the Ledger API is valid at a specific offset, which is why the last message your application receives when calling the ``ActiveContractsService`` is precisely that offset.
  In this way, the client can keep track of the relevant state without needing to invoke the ``ActiveContractsService`` again, by starting to read transactions from the given offset.

>   Offsets are also useful to perform crash recovery and fail over as documented more in depth in the :ref:`application architecture <dealing-with-failures>` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Offsets are also useful to perform crash recovery and failover as documented more in depth in the :ref:`application architecture <dealing-with-failures>` page.
```
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Failover
